User table docs (#427)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: docs/source/users/output/local_min.rst

Local Minimiser Table
#####################

> The local min results show a ``True`` or ``False`` values together with a number. The ``True`` or ``False`` indicates whether the software finds a minimum with respect to the following criteria:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local min results shows a ``True`` or ``False`` value together with a number. The ``True`` or ``False`` indicates whether the software finds a minimum with respect to the following criteria:
```

>     - :math:`||r|| \leq RES\_TOL`,

Reviewer: These look odd in the math markdown, could RES_TOL and GRAD_TOL be \text{ … } or some other non italic style

    - :math:`|| J^T r|| \leq GRAD\_TOL`,
    - :math:`\frac{|| J^T r||}{||r||} \leq GRAD\_TOL`,

> where :math:`J` and :math:`r` is the Jacobian and residual, respectively. The tolerances can be found in the results object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where :math:`J` and :math:`r` are the Jacobian and residual of :math:`f(x, p)`, respectively. The tolerances can be found in the results object.
```

Local Minimiser Table
#####################

> .. include:: ../../../../fitbenchmarking/HTML_templates/table_descriptions.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. include:: ../../../../fitbenchmarking/templates/table_descriptions.rst
```
